Hi everyone, I am very glad to see you
see and in this video I'll tell you about
three recipes of this winter that helped
me keep my skin so let's
let's get started so of course I decided not to
list closely on and whose rules
be sure to stick if you
want your skin to be smooth
and soft and well invested but i
still list them in the description therefore
if you are interested you can look
there, well, here I will tell you about some
such popular recipes about what is not
relate to cosmetics and so the first recipe
related to what we are preparing
hand bath which is capable
relieve irritation
which additionally let's say so
soothe our skin a little bit of it
moisturize we need either the same green
tea or medicinal chamomile this
the other is in my kitchen I think that
in almost any girls this or that
ingredient will also be present
at home so you take one of the ingredients
or you mix them in equal
proportions
also by the way sometimes i'm in such a bath
add a little bit of droplets literally
two or three tea trees are essential oils
which you can buy at the pharmacy either
in specialized stores
in equal amounts either one of
ingredients either same green tea or
camomile close all the hot water we fall
cap for this all
insisted up to collapse to
really got our infusion
some water yes our welding so-called
cools down to a pleasant temperature for us
no need to lower annoyed pens
we let some hot water
warm pleasant for you as much as possible
pleasant as comfortable as we drop
for 20 minutes and then after 20
minutes we get pens and for some water and
moisturize good moisturizer
the second recipe is a hand mask
which I also apply of course with me
there are purchase masks on sometimes advice
mighty want to do something myself
I want to mix some ingredients 5
same which i can easily find u
yourself at home
so I actively applied this winter
very mask of two ingredients first
the ingredient is
we only need one egg yolk
and the second ingredient is two teahouses
spoons of honey and so we mix these two
ingredient until smooth consistency
then apply well on the handles on the handle
dry naturally then wrap
film or 2 polyethylene
gloves
and of course we need this mask very much
warm well
for this we either dress terry what
what mittens
towel mi can try we can
wear cotton gloves and
special given spa treatments viz
all that you have all that you have
on hand you can use it
leave for approximately 20 30 minutes
then wash off with warm water
again the same moisturizer and
actually after this masochka
the handles are very smooth moisturized and the most
the main mask is absolutely harmless to
your skin brings only benefit well and
now we have moved to the third recipe
this does not really apply to
folk remedies
It has long been used in
cosmetology is very actively used
in expensive salons and this is
fairly expensive procedure if
do it all in the cabin and so we
do we need the most ordinary
cosmetic paraffin
means paraffin us applied in order
to improve enhance the impact of the cream
of this remedy to the caretaker
skin from paraffins are created enough
such greenhouse conditions for our skin
deep into the skin the deep layers they become
more available for cream
then the pores expand from paraffin here
all this cream starts to penetrate
will skin hydration occurs deeper
what are we just here
inflicted cream left does not mean
besides all this paraffin is actually
that's what it's good for his face
apply this it smoothes small
wrinkles on your hands too
small little wrinkles they too
flatten out when here we are shooting
paraffin is all very noticeable in general
thank you very much for your attention see you
with you my other videos good luck to you
be happy don't forget to care
for yourself surely love yourself bye
until